# Monitoring-Tool
Yet Another Process Monitor  Yet Another (remote) Process Monitor  Home    Features    FAQ    Forums    Project Page    Downloads    Developer page    Changelog    Help     Introduction  Yet Another (remote) Process Monitor (Monitoring Tool) is a powerful application that allows to view and manage your running tasks, processes, threads, modules...etc. and your services on a local or on a remote machine. Monitoring Tool offers lots of features to manipulate them, such as privilege management, memory management, a complete history of statistics, a dependency viewer... etc.  It is the first and only open source software to offer all these features.  It's totally free and open source (GNU GPL 3.0).  You are also able to monitor all Windows perfmon counters (local or remote machine) with an advanced time scale. Monitoring Tool also can save advanced reports of your system (HTML or TXT files).  System Snapshot feature allows the user to save and then open a snapshot of the system, very useful for remote assistance.  Monitoring Tool offers an user-friendly GUI with Microsoft Office Ribbon style, or a classical menu-based GUI if you don't like the Ribbon style :-)  Main features  In addition to all basic features available with the standard Windows Task Manager, Monitoring Tool offers lots of other useful features :  Local and remote monitoring Module and thread management Job management : allows to add some processes to a job and set limits to the job. ; this affects all the processes in the job. For example, user can set an unique priority for all processes, a maximum memory usage for each process in the job...etc. Handle management (keys, files, semaphores...etc. opened by a process) View of TCP/UDP connections opened Windows management (opacity, position, show, hide...) Window' find' process feature : allows to find the process associated to a window via a drag &amp; drop over the screen Emergency Hotkeys feature : allows to associate a custom shortcut to a custom action (for example : Ctrl+Shift+Suppr to close the window which is on foreground) Privilege management : allows to view and modify the privileges of processes Build-in hex editor to view memory of processes "Log mode" to monitor all actions made by a specific process Find Hidden Processes feature to detect basic hidden rootkits Local and remote shutdown Dependency viewer Powerful Service creator to create new service on a local or remote machine System Snapshot feature : allows to save a snapshot of the system. A System Snapshot File is created and can be explored on another system by an expert. Ideal for remote assistance. ... And lots &amp; lots of other features ! Requirements  .NET Framework 2.0 Operating system : Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista or Windows Seven. Now Monitoring Tool works on both 32-bit and 64-bit platforms. Administrator rights if you want to access to system processes and some other informations. For remote monitoring, WMI (Windows Management Instrumentation) must be installed and available on both machines if you use WMI method only, or the Monitoring Tool Server must be started on the remote machine if you use the client-server method. News
